Update the_dcps_information_repository.rst (#4190)
OpenDDS/OpenDDS: docs/devguide/the_dcps_information_repository.rst

The DCPS Information Repository
###############################

> The DCPS Information Repository is a OpenDDS specific service to distribute discovery information where RTPS is the standardized way to distribute discovery information. The DCPS Information Repository is scheduled for deprecation with OpenDDS 4 and scheduled for removal with OpenDDS 5.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DCPS Information Repository is a non-interoperable and OpenDDS-specific service to distribute discovery information.  See :ref:`run_time_configuration--configuring-for-ddsi-rtps-discovery` for interoperable discovery. The DCPS Information Repository is scheduled for deprecation with OpenDDS 4 and scheduled for removal with OpenDDS 5.
```

..
    Sect<9>

> The DCPS Information Repository is a non-interoperable and OpenDDS-specific service to distribute discovery information. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The DCPS Information Repository is a non-interoperable and OpenDDS-specific service to distribute discovery information.
```
